Gwenevere Abriel: You hear me ok
Cynthia We: I can. Hello.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi. Hi. Hi. I walked away. I didn't see you right away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was it because I was still in session or something were to happen.
Cynthia We: I don't know if I got a weird message. It said, I'm the host is
Cynthia We: If you are the host sign in. This is a recurring meeting. So I guess it was waiting for you.
Cynthia We: To sign in, or something. Yeah, I was checking in. It takes it takes a little bit of time to check in. Now, for some reason.
Cynthia We: That's not too bad but
Gwenevere Abriel: More than
Cynthia We: More than a few minutes.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm curious. Um. Are you amenable to focusing today doing some him Dr work.
Cynthia We: What does that is that the is that tapping or
Gwenevere Abriel: No.
Cynthia We: Oh no I movement wrapping up
Cynthia We: Oh yeah, yeah, totally.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so what electronic device, do you have in front of you. That's what that what I meant. The other night about having a screen that's big enough that you had zoom on are you on your laptop.
Cynthia We: Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Beautiful. So, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me do just a little tech testing. OK. OK. I wanna show this share my screen with you and and watch your eyes. There's a lot of preparation is still need to do, but I just want to see the tech part
Okay, so there's this
Gwenevere Abriel: So what I want to do is I want to watch my balls.
Gwenevere Abriel: Open. Alright.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's take a look at mine, and I'm going to show you kind of the ideal.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm looking for
Okay, sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what I'm looking for is your, your eyes would be moving about, I don't know 15 inches so it
Cynthia We: It varies inches. Yeah, if
Gwenevere Abriel: Watch my eyes are moving 15 inches right now look at see moving
Cynthia We: Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's all. Oh, which means I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: There'll be moving. See, my hands are about shoulder width. So put your
Gwenevere Abriel: Hands up in there about shoulder width.
Cynthia We: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah. And now that distance is out here. If your arms extended it's out here in front of you right
Gwenevere Abriel: With the laptop.
Gwenevere Abriel: isn't about that with
Gwenevere Abriel: The width of your laptop is about that with
Cynthia We: I'm not sure what you're saying I'm taught you lost me. Okay, so, oh 15 inches.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's okay. Let me start off
Cynthia We: I have no idea. Sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're looking at the screen.
Cynthia We: Correct. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Look from the left corner of the screen to the right corner of the screen.
Cynthia We: Oh, OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, yeah, that's a nice, that's a nice distance. So, for example, is that straining on the eyes. Does it hurt your eyes. Does it feel like, yeah, so it would be straining if you had to look way over, and that would
Cynthia We: Be maybe I should even be closer
Or
Gwenevere Abriel: So if you were closer, you probably be straining your eyes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wasn't forced you to be looking wider and I don't. Yeah.
Cynthia We: I didn't understand that. But I understand now.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I don't want to be uncomfortable and straining but it does have to have the effect of bilateral movement.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's the only thing I've got at this point. I don't have the buzzers, because you're not here with me. I don't have the ear.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, bilateral sounds because you're not here and I tried to do the audio. It takes it's too clunky too many steps for the client to have to do this is the only thing that I've been able to kind of work out.
Gwenevere Abriel: But if it ever comes to the point where you happen to only have your phone. We've been able to make it work by setting up two objects, right next
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, outside of the phone. We've been able to make it work, because then you're just looking at these two objects. So we've been able to make it work. Okay, so we're like this. There's no reason why we can't
Gwenevere Abriel: As long as you're logging in. We can we can make it happen. Okay, so don't get hung up on the on the laptop. If something catastrophic happens to it.
Cynthia We: Okay, cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: Beautiful. So the other thing that I do and in here is I change the speed. So there might be times when I've changed the speed and it's slower or faster, but right now it is set at
Gwenevere Abriel: A slow speed. So just check in and just take a look at the light moving left and right. This is just to check and see comfort level. You don't have to look at it in the middle, as long as those eyes land to left and right, and we're good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that unpleasant.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay. Beautiful. And then let's speed it up a little bit. You might also find it at this speed.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is more intense. It's true.
Gwenevere Abriel: But are you able to do
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Great.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're cooking with gas here site.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so I did a little tech work there. Let me pull up a note.
Gwenevere Abriel: My ears about today. So I'm gonna look weird.
Huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: What, how are you doing right because we've been meeting with Scott you're going into group you're hearing things, you know, I sent me an email. You've texted me back. I sent you something from right there's been little bits of contact right CONTACT, CONTACT, CONTACT. How are you doing,
Cynthia We: I'm doing okay. Yeah.
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Cynthia We: Yeah. Scott night we got our taxes or tax returns. So I feel like I can breathe again.
Cynthia We: And he got that job. I don't know if I told you that
Cynthia We: He had the interview and they hired him on the spot.
Cynthia We: Fantastic orders rate. So, that's awesome. You know, they didn't give them any shit about it.
Cynthia We: It wasn't with Jay Z, though.
Cynthia We: Which is a bar. I mean, Jay Z will be there shooting the movie, but he he's not the one that hired Scott. It was the director
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, and
Cynthia We: That doesn't start till March 16 though. So in the meantime, I'll tell you what he Teagan are having a hell of a time getting along.
Cynthia We: Really I've just been like
Cynthia We: I've been telling him for years that I think you know that I've really really been struggling with him. Yeah, he, I think he didn't believe me because he didn't see it because he always got the nice treatment.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've
Cynthia We: Been here long enough, this time that Tegan has grown comfortable with him and i think is acting just like he acts with me and it's shocking to Scott shocking. He's really, he's like really really upset and I'm just like,
Cynthia We: I just
Cynthia We: I am just so conflicted. I have no idea what to say. I know that I should be supportive. It's really hard. It's really hard. I feel so it mature like I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Like I told you so.
Cynthia We: Oh, totally. And I don't want to be like that, but damn it, I told him I told him.
Cynthia We: I just want to be a you know a mature adult though and and be supportive be a
Gwenevere Abriel: Good partner. Oh, you can
Cynthia We: You hear
Cynthia We: Things his big feelings about being disrespected
Cynthia We: I mean, he really I think he thinks something's happening with like like something serious something
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you talking about tickets been missing some
Cynthia We: School like he missed for bullshit reasons.
Gwenevere Abriel: That something's walk
Cynthia We: Three weeks ago he missed because he said he threw up a couple days in a row, but he wasn't he didn't seem sick to me last week you fall and hurt his tail bone. So I missed two days.
Cynthia We: This week he missed Wednesday, he called yesterday to me, come get him. And then he missed today because he said he threw up. But we're like he's saying he has an accent at all. And usually you can tell if somebody's sick. He's eating everything in the house. He doesn't accept click
Cynthia We: And so, you know, we've asked him about 100 times like it's something going on at school, but it's like a really tiny school, nobody
Cynthia We: There's no bullying that allowed. So it's not bad but Scott's thinking like, this is how kids act when they're sexually molested, you know, or something terrible like that like he's totally i'm not sure i and i just I'm baffled. I'm totally baffled.
Gwenevere Abriel: Continuing to monitor
Cynthia We: Yes, that was where we are right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm hearing. There is a acknowledgement in real time. Scott gets to see
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not Cindy's fault. It's
Cynthia We: Not
Gwenevere Abriel: An attic going, there's something going on with Tegan and you know he's been a challenge. It's not just the deficit is with Cindy or something going on with T and N Scott gets to register it firsthand.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that filled out dating for you.
Cynthia We: As it does
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, okay, that's a mature thing to have acknowledgement. I imagine it was frustrating when that wasn't there.
Cynthia We: Was very frustrated
Gwenevere Abriel: That's that, you know, an emotion.
Gwenevere Abriel: Isn't mature mature, it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Whoa, yeah.
Cynthia We: No, it's right. Right.
Cynthia We: Reaction to him. I want my reaction to be
Cynthia We: Like you know like a loving partner. I'm sorry that you're having these feelings.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not it, though.
No.
Cynthia We: But that's how like I feel like anything I say comes out fake like that because I'm not really sorry and
Cynthia We: Why, yeah.
Cynthia We: Why even say it then.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, then no
Cynthia We: Why would
Cynthia We: Why would you ever
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Cynthia We: Throw this not just me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, how about
Gwenevere Abriel: My fault. Right. How about something also true, whatever it is for you, but I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: I feel relief. Yes, I built seem known and validated that you're going to the same thing. I am
Gwenevere Abriel: There was a disconnect between perceptions and I think you and I are getting closer and closer on the same and I feel relief I feel even
Cynthia We: What
Gwenevere Abriel: You did to us, Scott. Because of this, and
Gwenevere Abriel: We kind of now we're on the same page in our frustration at least we have that. And so let's get to the solution. What have you tried
Gwenevere Abriel: To hide in EC.
Gwenevere Abriel: It. Yes.
Cynthia We: Still an eye out. I feel like we can work.
Cynthia We: Together and
Cynthia We: Solution and and it will be together, it won't be something that Cindy as frustrated about and and something's got doesn't feel like needs to happen so
That's good. Yeah. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let me just take a look down here. Okay, so two Yeah two nine have this target date here um
Cynthia We: say one other thing. Sure.
Cynthia We: We think that this is really abnormal this this this behavior from Teagan and level of disrespect and I don't
Cynthia We: I feel like it's very normal for
Gwenevere Abriel: Me give me what he heard as disrespect. Let me hear it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh here it
Cynthia We: Just the talking back like what are these me last night that was so
Cynthia We: Frustrating Scott said something about
Cynthia We: You
Cynthia We: You ever. Well, it was just arguing and I can't, I can't think of exactly what he said.
Cynthia We: It's just talking back it's talking back and it's taken testing his boundaries.
Cynthia We: About how far can I push this, how far can I say it. Can I, can I really say what I feel, or are they going to freak out and he's testing with Scott Scott's not used to being tested like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what do you think isn't the normal range.
Cynthia We: I feel very normal because I feel like he needs to express himself.
Cynthia We: If somebody is
Cynthia We: Trying to control him which is what's what this is about anything. Um,
Cynthia We: He pushes back. Of course he does, he's rebel he he rebels, you know, a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you mean by Scott
Cynthia We: Yeah, so, so they have this thing at their school about homework that they should be responsible for their homework and that
Cynthia We: You shouldn't have your parents talking to you about homework, like you're in seventh grade, you can handle your homework.
Cynthia We: So this whole argument was going on. Last night because I just kind of bad, you know I backed off in sixth grade I
Cynthia We: And and turned out that was not the right thing to do because he didn't turn any homework in sixth grade. However, the seventh grade thing. I think he's actually turning it in Scott keeps asking him so to get your homework done tonight.
Cynthia We: You can is like you can't ask me, it's just annoying and um and Scott's like well what just asking the question is annoying. Like, I just want you know I'm just reminding you take is like, I don't need to be reminded, if I am having trouble. I will come to you, but
Cynthia We: Well, but I don't need you to always ask me, it's just annoying and Scott just really had a hard time understanding that even asking about it as annoying.
Cynthia We: Is not sure where I stand on it.
Gwenevere Abriel: His teacher you labeled it controlling a second ago.
Cynthia We: Yeah, well, I'm because I feel that taking us perceiving it as controlling
Cynthia We: Chicken is feeling like just asking the question, is trying to make sure he's finished his homework, you know, like
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a dad's job.
Cynthia We: First of all, yes. That's what we said. Yeah. Um, but I do
Cynthia We: I do. I think there's just a disconnect between what the teachers are explained to him and what we are expected to do like of course we can ask, you should be able to ask and not just wait until he is falling behind, before we
Cynthia We: Before we do anything. And that's what he's asking us to do. I'll come to you when I have a project or when I when I'm having trouble.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that doesn't work.
Cynthia We: Not that
Gwenevere Abriel: That would be fine if he if he was getting straight A's.
Cynthia We: If you had us, which is
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, then what that may be about is Scott, not having a norm.
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've been here with this progressive change he would recognize there are times when something's need more of our monitoring. Once we see people have the skills to handle it on their own, we step back
Gwenevere Abriel: Right treat this you know 15 year old, the same way I treated my five year old that's not
Cynthia We: Right, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, he's just hasn't been there for the progressive the new norm is well he's doing fine. He's demonstrating evidence and grades are good way to measure it, that he is following through. So all Scott is doing is what he thought is the right thing. He
Cynthia We: Said,
He's being supportive
Gwenevere Abriel: This doesn't seem like a real, this seems like an easy thing to clarify and wonder why
Cynthia We: Well, he
Cynthia We: Was very, very adamant and very stubborn and believes that his way is the right way.
Cynthia We: And
Cynthia We: He has always been like that with me, but I don't think he's always been like that with Scott. I think he's back down with Scott before and he's just
Cynthia We: He had some trouble with Spanish like he wasn't handling is working. And so we found out about that last session and or last quarter and you know it was only three assignments, but he had to stay after and finish them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know how to advocate and assist your young child on how to speak. His truth.
Cynthia We: No, I don't. But that would be a great lesson to teach him.
Cynthia We: How to do Cindy, do. Yes, you do.
Cynthia We: I feel like I've fallen apart with to you and I feel like I've got no skills dealer.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I've watched you you have all of this information in your head. You do know what to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you do it yourself when you do it in a graceful way yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: We empower the people around us to do what works, we give this as an option. This is how I do it. So just slow down a little bit.
And go inside.
And and check and see. Do I know how to communicate my preference for something
Gwenevere Abriel: Outside of me. It's going this way. I know what I prefer I know my skills. I know my capabilities. This person outside doesn't seem to recognize my skills.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can explain educate and clarify my preference, based on my known skills and my capabilities. You don't seem to see it. I can clarify it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just stay there until you get real clear
Gwenevere Abriel: When you get that clarity, sort of, just imagine that you're Tegan
Gwenevere Abriel: And what might you say with the skills that you embody Sunday with the confidence.
Gwenevere Abriel: That there's a misunderstanding happening so
Cynthia We: Well, I think you would say, I just really
Cynthia We: Prefer to handle this on my own and
Cynthia We: And by you asking about it. It makes me feel like I'm
Cynthia We: Not trust him. And I just want to be trusted to handle my ship.
Cynthia We: Without a ship because
Gwenevere Abriel: That's it mentally right that's fun. Yeah.
Cynthia We: I want you to trust me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's a piece of evidence. The same way we want to trust this child and I look for grades. We look for attendance and grades in the absence of referrals.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'm gonna trust you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I'm seeing the grades. I'm going to demonstrate that that trust and you're going to trust me and and and and feel trusted because I'm going to back up and not be checking in on you, but maybe at a frequency of every Sunday night, we will review Pinnacle
Cynthia We: Whatever your equivalent, they do.
Gwenevere Abriel: So yeah, it's not, you know, because my job doesn't change. Just the job is still there. It's still to monitor because you're not. We don't know when it could change it could change.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kids are changing, week to week. Now, there's a whole group of new people as new experience happens and priorities change with kids and
Gwenevere Abriel: But my job doesn't change. I need to show you that I trust your developing skills and this is how I can do it all check in. Once a week with respect to your space in your confidence. That's beautiful. I want to reinforce that. But my job to keep an eye on it doesn't change, but
Gwenevere Abriel: I think
We can
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, modify it as you your skills improve. I don't have to compensate for them. Okay, I don't have to compensate. So I can do that. And then he gets to be like
Gwenevere Abriel: Fine, but in addition on Sunday. What I don't want is, I don't want an attitude in your tone and your face.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I will be coming. I'll show you respect. I won't be coming at you with show me your work or no. So how would you feel respected in my inquiry into the status. Do you want to pull it up and bring it to me how the grade report. Do you want me to open it up and call you over.
Gwenevere Abriel: But what I don't want is I'll modify how I speak to you, but I also want you to see that I'm your parent
Gwenevere Abriel: My job is to make sure that our values in this home continue to be reflected and this is one of them. And so that that attitude.
Gwenevere Abriel: If it's there. I'm going to address it. Because then something still off. I need that to go away. Can you do it in a sweet way. The same way you would you would say Can I have a salt.
Gwenevere Abriel: And see if there's fine. Maybe that's
Cynthia We: Yeah, I feel like that would be
Cynthia We: Great. I feel like he would totally be into that and and that would make him feel
Cynthia We: Good make him feel trusted and it would make Scott and I feel okay you know like okay well you know this is
Cynthia We: This is what's happening and
Cynthia We: You know know check in is scary. For us, it's too scary. I don't. I'm like, you're not in college, you
Gwenevere Abriel: Your school system if they were going to be the parent
Gwenevere Abriel: Ah, what they're not so
Cynthia We: Right.
Cynthia We: I feel like
Cynthia We: They are just trying to instill they still have conferences with the team with their parents. So it's not like they're
Cynthia We: They're just trying to make them understand that it is their job to get their shit together you know to do their stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's good for the
Cynthia We: Total. It's great. It's great.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's not as if the kid is hearing it.
Cynthia We: Yeah, he's hearing it in a different way.
Gwenevere Abriel: To come out. I don't know need anybody I
Cynthia We: Know, it doesn't mean. Right. Well, what does that. What does that mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: That means that we felt we can say, that's great. I can see it. But there was a time
Gwenevere Abriel: When it wasn't there. And, you know, in some ways, certainly more so for Scott because he hasn't been here for the progression dad hasn't been here for the progression of your
Gwenevere Abriel: Independent accountability hasn't been here for this new normal. I have. So just don't give him a hard time about that. He doesn't know. So let's just let's educate each other and find our companies on
Gwenevere Abriel: And if something changes on that Sunday check in. I may go back to every day we agree that's what's going to happen. Okay, fine then. Let's just do it, see if this works and you move on. Yeah.
Cynthia We: I feel like this is a very good solution. I feel like everybody should
Cynthia We: Have told me yesterday that she um she was really scared to put her manuscript together, but that she then thought of my story and my brazenness in telling it and it made her feel better and able to put her story together.
Cynthia We: Which I thought was a lovely compliment
Gwenevere Abriel: You've inspired someone
Yes.
That's amazing.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have a lightness about you today have a sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know, something just seemed
Like start know
Gwenevere Abriel: What has it been like after you've left meeting with Scott president and meet President and that what what do you, what's the reverberation after those encounters.
Cynthia We: I feel like I'm
Cynthia We: Fine. I don't really feel like
Cynthia We: I feel like like I understand him a little bit more. I have a really, we have a really hard time talking to each other.
Cynthia We: Uh huh it without getting you know all emotional and
Cynthia We: I feel like
Cynthia We: I have a different understanding and I'm able to deal with him a little bit easier. After meeting with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Isn't that amazing and I'm not even doing like
Cynthia We: I know it's
Cynthia We: Here.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're just doing Schubert but that's, first of all, that's fantastic that's the neat thing a tiny little change can have this big fat. We love it. That's cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: What about
Gwenevere Abriel: The big piece for you around.
Gwenevere Abriel: Getting small
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you have you caught yourself in moments where that was the option to go to shame to collapse and then maybe get mad at someone right for not seeing your strength. Um, but have you instead played a different kind of I call them games not saying they're conscious, but
Yeah, I'm actually
Cynthia We: Yeah, I mean, this whole thing around Teagan um
Cynthia We: I have just kind of remain silent and disconnected.
Cynthia We: Because I'm so uncomfortable with the
Cynthia We: With the arguing and the, um, I just hate conflict and I hate being involved in it and I hate it. I hate it and I
Cynthia We: I know that that's not helpful to him, but I have noticed, I think in the past, I might have been a little more engaged. Um, maybe, but
Cynthia We: I'm not sure I'm not sure if it's a change or if it's just that I'm aware that I'm very disconnected.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we may not have found the answer to my question but information useful none.
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Cynthia We: Let's go, Okay, what exactly was your question.
Cynthia We: With regard to just got my like when we're talking about money.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or let's do that. Let's just there. We got a nice topic. So just right in there because what I watched you do was
Cynthia We: Again,
It's small.
Gwenevere Abriel: And defer power.
Cynthia We: Uh huh. And then get mad at him for not being able not seeing my strength.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's, that's my impression is that
Cynthia We: Yeah, it's just crazy. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that
Cynthia We: I think it's awesome that you can see
Cynthia We: All of this just from watching people and I'm really impressed because I feel like I've had these patterns forever and i i don't even recognize them.
Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: So, and, you know, what's ironic. I think there's so obvious. I think I'm insulting you by even mentioning it
Cynthia We: Really
Cynthia We: Uh huh. Yes, because they're so obvious to you. It's totally, totally not obvious to me at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the privilege.
Cynthia We: Because you're in the right job like this.
Cynthia We: Which were meant to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe, but also a therapist has this we're way out here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, we're not triggered.
Cynthia We: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: All the stories of threat and just
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so, so it, it doesn't
Gwenevere Abriel: But that'll be common right for for for therapists to say, well, you know, I can see it. And I see it, the second you come in the door, we can see it, but it's not for us to sort of say, here you go. That's better. That there's little, little crumbs that maybe you
Gwenevere Abriel: Come to it on your own.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we just got oh
Yeah.
Cynthia We: So there is some discussion about what what we're how we're going to
Cynthia We: spend this money and you know because we got a lot back for taxes we got enough back to maybe
Cynthia We: Live for a month.
If we're careful
Cynthia We: If we're not careful, we will be in a bad situation again in March, right before it goes to work so
Cynthia We: Uh, you know, Scott's resume. We gotta be careful with everything. And I want to sit down and have a talk, I want to talk about like what we're going to do with this. And I'm like, that's a really good idea. I think we should plan it
Cynthia We: Because he's talking about getting his teeth done and and getting his you know his stomach. He needs to have his stomach because his thing is scope Barrett's esophagus and it's just let it go for 10 years at a
Cynthia We: He needs to go get it checked. So I found a doctor for him and I found out that she's in that work. So I'm going to actually make the appointment for him so that he will do it.
Cynthia We: And I'm
Cynthia We: And I have a cavity. So
Cynthia We: I have to get my teeth fixed right so neither one of us is actually can get our implants with it's not enough money to get implants.
Cynthia We: But it is enough to go get my, you know, see the dentist. I don't pay some bills so I you know he's just like we got to be careful. We gotta be careful with that because I'm like, Can we just make a plan, please let's make a plan.
Gwenevere Abriel: So now you're the one
Gwenevere Abriel: Pushing the commandment to something in writing.
Cynthia We: Something in writing. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So right and that's what I've been encouraging this last session was really more about some dynamics between YouTube but it's interesting because I thought for sure. I'll step back and it'll just carry on and you guys put this plan together and look at it, it's still not done.
Cynthia We: I know what's up with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because he has his own relationship with money and it's might be
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, like again. Remember that whole
Cynthia We: The the
Gwenevere Abriel: Grid.
Gwenevere Abriel: You guys probably have some really opposing sort of or maybe parallel
Cynthia We: We didn't score.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Cynthia We: Maybe did that but we didn't score them.
Cynthia We: So I should score them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, again, let me just say we can meet and if my being here and we won't get distracted by the communication piece and we just lay it out. Just get it done because I'm sitting here going,
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, why would you do it now. Like, just so you know I'm going this is still how much money is it is it
Cynthia We: 4000 3000
Gwenevere Abriel: Is six. Yeah, that's going to be gone really fast.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so
Cynthia We: Still getting paid from Ali and he's still getting on employment. So, but, but, but it will be gone really fast. If we do anything like anything out of the ordinary really
Gwenevere Abriel: What you guys just talked about it.
Cynthia We: Is
Gwenevere Abriel: Out of the ordinary. So, for
Gwenevere Abriel: Me. It's more like we go look at the list.
Gwenevere Abriel: I haven't here.
Gwenevere Abriel: What did we say is, OK, medical emergency is a car breaks down.
Gwenevere Abriel: Something sent and all you know that a sentinel event.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, we have, let me see something I gotta see car race. And was there anything else that was emergency I'm only wrote down medical emergency and car breaks down as an emergency.
Cynthia We: Well, I feel like I'm teeth. TEETH or an emergency.
Cynthia We: If you have pain in your teeth, you must go to the dentist ASAP.
Cynthia We: And that does not include getting all the work done that you need to have done at that moment. It's just that you need to get the
Cynthia We: If it's a root canal, you need to have the root canal. If it's a cavity need to have the cavity fix
Gwenevere Abriel: So your emergency
Gwenevere Abriel: Then why didn't she put all the money towards that last month.
Gwenevere Abriel: Coach, but your emergency
Cynthia We: I didn't have an emergency. Last one. So,
Gwenevere Abriel: This two thing happened this week.
Cynthia We: Two days ago. Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Pain is definitely one I would agree. And this medical condition. I couldn't hear through the tele health but something's going on ongoing with Scott that he needs more maintenance and he hasn't been doing it.
Cynthia We: Yeah Barrett's esophagus. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is where it gets tricky.
Isn't
Cynthia We: His emergency versus my emergency or
Cynthia We: Like, is that really an emergency.
Gwenevere Abriel: If
Cynthia We: That's where you it is at this point. It's an emergency. At this point, because it's been so long and he's been neglecting it and he needs to do it when he's off of work.
Cynthia We: Oh no, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah we we wait, no, that you just found it. He's been it was emergent, a month ago. Also, and it needed to wait because you didn't have the money.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so it's see what i don't know is if it's going to pull from the basic fundamental things that need to be done. You're about to get a regular income.
Cynthia We: And
Gwenevere Abriel: It turns out that week. You know, you go get it scheduled you go in and it sounds like it's covered anyway. So is your
Cynthia We: Percent. It's a 20% co-insurance so last time for some reason that was like $500
Cynthia We: And I'm
Cynthia We: So that's in mind I'm gonna have to pay five. Well, yeah, but they'll bill you look
Cynthia We: Okay, and one of money, then maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Getting this stuff written down for February getting everything written down for March and it'll start to get really clear into into April this February and March will be a little clunky because you've got uncertain income.
Gwenevere Abriel: Coming in and then it should set up some pretty predictable stuff. But right now, you have some emergency things, but I'm assuming they you tell me today, take priority over Teague intuition.
No.
Cynthia We: I'm not sure that that's smart.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is about your shared values, right, and being able to really sit with
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let me just say
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you guys have any understanding about what your underlying fears about why this thing has not gotten written yet.
No. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: It could be there might be an explosion right people might you might yell at each other. Michael badly me. It could be any, anything you know but you don't you don't have a get a best guess.
I have no idea.
Cynthia We: I really, I feel, I would like to say, maybe it's just about the fact that we are just surviving right now and trying to like
Cynthia We: But we're not like I feel like we can breathe.
Cynthia We: We breathe as of yesterday, we can breathe. So maybe that's
Cynthia We: Maybe that's what it is because we couldn't even
Cynthia We: Live. I mean we really, really.
Gwenevere Abriel: really freaking out. So if you want
Gwenevere Abriel: To be president. Let me know.
Okay.
Cynthia We: Are you going to, um,
Cynthia We: Oh, are you going to work on any Saturday.
Cynthia We: And that might be an option or
Cynthia We: Um, it feels like he was going to take another day off or morning off like next Friday. But that's not a good thing.
Cynthia We: He was gonna take tomorrow off for a conference with two kids, teachers, but I can't get in because conferences, their books.
Cynthia We: So disregard this
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Cynthia We: I feel like has Oliver situation is not as urgent, it's probably helpful to them to not have to pay him full every week.
Gwenevere Abriel: So yeah, I mean, if it was after my last appointment tomorrow is looks like your time would end at 205
Cynthia We: Really Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you welcome to do sort of what we were doing before. And this might be if you guys could put it a little
Gwenevere Abriel: I guess it might be me wanting it more than you guys do to
Cynthia We: Know, I totally what
Cynthia We: I really want it because I can't, I cannot live with this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Be going to be wrong. I'm never going
Cynthia We: I'm never it will be
Gwenevere Abriel: Careful. Be careful. Yeah, I just, I would, I, I'm just thinking just that constant. Be careful, it gives
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and that might you might be able to say
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, maybe I don't want to hear much like you know with what's going on with Tegan. It's like, I don't. I'm gonna
Gwenevere Abriel: Take ownership for keeping my commitment to this document. I'm going to do it. But if you could maybe just check in with me the same way with the whole school thing maybe let's check in monday wednesday Sunday, but whatever your thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, let's let's pull it back a little, because I'm getting defensive around the. Be careful. Be careful. Be careful, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: But this having a writing would be a place for both of you to look at. You could be defining what careful looks like. So you guys are right now doing what you always do, which is
Not and
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so talk with them.
Gwenevere Abriel: See, I really want it and then see if you can meet it. What's the time you guys to 10 o'clock. I guess my time noon.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you can do that. You'd be my only client this Saturday. I'm seeing some
Gwenevere Abriel: Next, next weekend.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, talk with them because before it gets busy and then
Cynthia We: All day long.
Cynthia We: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Think about how much of your arguing goes into it and really looking at, look what we're doing. We're putting it off again, we've been saying it, but we do we really mean it. Neither one of us really want to sit down here, look at this.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Um, so you have both of his
Cynthia We: Just say Saturday would work for you or
Gwenevere Abriel: I said 10am Mountain Standard would work if you could pull that off.
Cynthia We: Really nice of you. Thank you. I'll see. I'm sure you will agree,
Gwenevere Abriel: And we won't dilly dally we'll just get right
Cynthia We: Maybe we could even start it before we see you well.
Cynthia We: Obviously, wow.
Cynthia We: I mean that
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, that would be pretty cool that would
Cynthia We: Be amazing, but that's the
Gwenevere Abriel: Reason why you're meeting with me is because you guys
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't want to sit with the discomfort. I'm guessing of just
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so you guys probably have some kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: Some kind of relationship with this money thing going on. It just isn't isn't sort of that you know either opposites and okay well you just do this thing is something, there's a competing need here.
Cynthia We: To witness, but we just, I'm so sorry we didn't do this either. Ed, can we do it a little bit, or is it too late.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, no, we need we need more time a lot more time. That's okay. This is you, got you. You were focused on stuff going on with parenting and dynamics here and there. That's okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me, let me see what we already have developed in here, what we can do all review some preparation things along.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I mean, check your resources. We got I'm happy, I'm really so glad that I took a chance to to do this. I like this. I'm going to work, but it did.
That's cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And even in a car I'm having people put a couple things on the side of their dashboard. I'm like, yeah.
Cynthia We: You know it rewires your brain.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, yeah.
Cynthia We: And, um, what do you talk about while you're moving your eyes.
Gwenevere Abriel: That they're
Gwenevere Abriel: Ready. Oh, I'll tell you. Um, yeah. So in general, my particular approaches and attachment focused em, Dr. So I interweave things like your
Sorry, I'm doing two things at once here, pulling up your notes.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're
Gwenevere Abriel: Protected figure
Cynthia We: You're nurturing and they're
Gwenevere Abriel: Wise figure weeding them in weaving in positive conditions.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, yeah. So it's very cool. Okay, yeah, now we've got good stuff here. We've got a container. I've got a distancing metaphor. We did a lot of preparation work already. We're ready to go, actually.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so next time we need. We can do this. That's what that was. The other night, but you brought up other things today. That's okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, let me see. I think we're at review. Anyway, so let me just check on something.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want my career back. Can you just make a little statement on that.
Cynthia We: Yeah, I feel
Cynthia We: I do feel that I have made some progress there. I have been I did my my upward
Cynthia We: Profile I I did that. And then I also did some more research and I found some other resources that might be better. There's a lot of like will pay you.
Cynthia We: Will pay you $10 for 500 word article. It's a lot of like really really bottom of the barrel. I'm not too good to do it, but I don't want to get stuck, where I'm writing for, you know, no pay that's supposed to
Gwenevere Abriel: Be fun to just do it and then you can quit it whenever he wants you but at least you're going to like fill your so
Cynthia We: Yes. Yeah, what
Cynthia We: Did. Yes, I'm very excited about it and I've also found this thing called the writers den, which I feel I'm really good about they I did. I watched some videos and learn how to pitch. I'm companies this
Cynthia We: The only thing that has kept me from not doing it is, it's not my talent. I know that I have the talent. I totally do. So it's just fear and not knowing exactly what to do, how to get work. So I'm this writers den. I feel like they've got all the resources.
Cynthia We: Just a million different things and I'm really making progress with my deadline that I made for my book I'm Helga is getting the last chunk.
Cynthia We: Today, and we're going to review on Tuesday. And then we are going to, again, that's just edit my writing group on Friday. They also have it the whole thing. And they're reading it and they're going to give me some input, um,
Cynthia We: When she's really good about it. I feel really good about it. I feel like her suggestions have been spot on. And I'm, I'm, have a little bit more confidence because she really has responded well to the writing and to the story.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you deadline for yourself for the string.
Cynthia We: On March 15 is when I'm, I'm going to be just done with the whole edit and I'll be ready to go. And before then they'll we're going to sit down and find some agents to query.
Cynthia We: Because that I always thought you just sent your manuscript off to the agents, but you don't there's like a different. It's a separate process. You have to ask them if they want to see it. And so you write a query and then
Cynthia We: send that to a bunch of agents and there's a whole bunch of agents to take this kind of stuff. Oh boy.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let me jump over to, um, I want to respond to my husband's accusations with grace.
Gwenevere Abriel: Give me an example of where you're cut proud about that you you really, if someone was watching that you respect and admire and you'd be like, See, look at me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, if they were watching you do this and there was an accusation and you registered with yourself. He is welcome to his opinion of me doesn't happen to be the opinion I have with myself and
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm okay.
Cynthia We: Okay, I feel like maybe after we see you I am more able to remember that this is how I should respond or that this is the way I want to respond. So like
Cynthia We: I can't give you a specific example. I don't have one. But, but I do know that I have consciously sets in here. You don't need to respond to that. Like you feel like responding deeper us Bruce
Cynthia We: I feel like at least maybe I am remind reminding myself to breathe.
Cynthia We: When you are at the forefront of my mind like what I have just met with you.
Cynthia We: That day, and maybe the day
Cynthia We: After right so I feel like the next step is to
Cynthia We: Remember all the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: We know you know what could be happening. And this wouldn't be uncommon for people
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, if this therapist type right this one that's, you know, theoretically, got it all together knows what to say. She's emotionally regulated, she's you know can handle all this stuff. She's the adult
Gwenevere Abriel: Versus this rigid right this is the the inner child stuff.
Cynthia We: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Says you better and you're a bad girl this finger wagging parent inside of us. And this shamed small defeated little girl, what could be happening and I invited and I eventually and sooner than later. I want it to be you.
Gwenevere Abriel: As an adult, but for now you borrow this idea of and you're not alone. It's like okay I can hear your voice. I could see you. I can hear that. That thing you said, and I tried it on and I did it, you know. And yeah, and it's borrow
Cynthia We: Quarterly, I could see that. Definitely. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what great
Cynthia We: Mystery. Yes, that's a nice transition
Cynthia We: Or when it's going to be
Cynthia We: My adult
Gwenevere Abriel: And and the truth is, I wasn't there in Santa Fe. It was you. Yeah, you're right.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was, you know, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we all pull right. That's why I'm talking about these figures. These protective figures.
Cynthia We: Yeah, I love that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, we pull these experiences from all over the place and are they true for me. Can I embody this, I want to have that too. That's an attribute that feels right for me. Let me do that and see if I get my needs met. That way that wish you
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, good. Yeah. Nice, nice. Okay, next one. We've got here. What did I write for this one. You've been taking a deep breath and then also kind of pulling up this sort of image of what would adult do right now and you can paint a picture, whatever. What would she say what does she do
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, the breath and at least you can, you've got that and your brain will function better after you freeze. You'll think of, you know, graceful solutions to something
Gwenevere Abriel: And then get off Suboxone as medically directed. Are you following him the medication as prescribed.
Cynthia We: I am, yes. And I do have a doctor's appointment today at 1245
Cynthia We: Because remember, I brought up the
Gwenevere Abriel: Thing in group and
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's scary.
Cynthia We: Yeah, but I am going to go and I'm going to tell them my symptoms and and let them do
Gwenevere Abriel: Their job. You don't have to do all the things
Cynthia We: I don't have to do other work for them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let them.
Cynthia We: Are really don't want to hear my opinion, my Google opinion.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I don't think
Cynthia We: My Google opinion is that I am just in Munich just
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay but include it because they might be moving too fast. And you might be onto something there for sure and been flying
Gwenevere Abriel: To what else I want to address a relapse prevention plan. Okay, so that's here.
Cynthia We: We're going to talk about smoking. I think we're going to add smoking to this. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: In your own. Let's do it. I don't have a lot of time. So here we go. What's your goal. Say it in your own words what
Gwenevere Abriel: Was my to do I want to quit smoking. Wow, that's exciting. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and the objective that will get you there. What is a small achievable goal step that we can measure over the next 30 days. What are you going to do and
Cynthia We: I love this, the solution of
Cynthia We: Putting off the cigarette like putting off one cigarette a day and I was doing it at night. First, just doing one, but I've been doing it all the time. Like when I want to smoke instead of smoking. I put it off.
Gwenevere Abriel: 90 seconds to me you delay it like that.
Cynthia We: Way. Yeah, but I don't need not 90 seconds. Like, it ends up being hours.
Cynthia We: Oh, great.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Cynthia We: So how about using my add to it to my advantage.
Gwenevere Abriel: Exactly why not distract yourself for six you're off doing three other things. That's great. Yeah, he
Gwenevere Abriel: Got when know
Gwenevere Abriel: Just take it from there. Okay, so is it that you want to keep that the objective is, I want to use the postpone gratification technique I want to continue to do it daily or is it five times a day. Is it 10 times
Gwenevere Abriel: How many
Cynthia We: I want to do it.
Cynthia We: Daily like three times a day.
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go. And how many are you currently doing it.
Cynthia We: I'm at least one
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we'll go so measurable is from zero to three times a day, and then we'll be able to see if it's happening. Okay. Yeah.
Cynthia We: Because yeah, because sometimes
Cynthia We: Like yesterday, I probably did it five times.
Cynthia We: Um, I only smoke cigarettes a day between five and 10 so
Cynthia We: I feel like it's a great way to just keep making it smaller and smaller.
Cynthia We: It's very painless and I like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Okay, very cool. Sorry, get back to me with what you and Scott want to do
Cynthia We: Yes, I will. First, the weekend.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because life's going to get busy and I guess I'm like
Gwenevere Abriel: Thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, if there's other alternatives is this falls apart. And he works and it's back to the way it was before where you're left alone, you're in charge of everything. And you're right, and he's leaning on you to do the transfer and all of that back right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are different.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are different. You're not the same as you were yesterday, or a month ago or six months ago. You're different. And
Gwenevere Abriel: We don't know what you're going to be capable of them. So if it all peters out and life just just gets too too difficult to make this appointment happen, then fine, we'll address it when you get there. OK. OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, so I will hear from you soon.
Cynthia We: Yes, I will text him right now and find out if that's doable. Okay. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good to you. Thank you.
Bye.